Silicon Laboratories IDE Release 3.80, Release Notes
Copyright (C) 2009 Silicon Laboratories, Inc.


This release contains the following components:
-----------------------------------------------

    * Examples (device examples for all support families)
        * <Device Family>
            * Blinky (blinks an LED on device target board) 
            * <Peripheral> (peripheral examples)
    * hlp (help files for IDE and Keil Toolset)
    * IDEfiles (IDE build files)
    * Utilities
        * EC Reset (reset utility for EC2 Serial Adapter v1.0)
        * USB Reset (reset utility for USB Debug Adapter v1.3)
        * Production Programmer (programming utility v2.00)
        * Hex2Svf (.HEX to .SVF Conversion Utility v1.22)
    - IDE.exe (Silicon Labs IDE v3.80)
    - ReleaseNotes.txt (this file)
    - USBHID.dll (communication dll v1.7)


Known Issues
------------

	The default target directory for the Silicon Laboratories IDE is 
	"SiLabs\MCU". If you are using a release version previous to v2.0, 
	it will be necessary to copy the IDEfiles\C51 directory from your 
	previous installation location to the new location in order to use 
	the Keil toolchain.

	MS Windows with Hebrew language support enabled is supported only under
	Windows 2000.  Editor and debug windows will not display correctly when
	using other versions of Windows.

	Operating Sytem support includes Windows 2000/XP.

	Corresponding with IDE release 2.6 is a change in installation strategy. 
	This IDE release will now be compatible with the release downloaded from 
	www.silabs.com. Due to this change, IDE release 2.6 will not recognize 
	previous installations. The new installation will overwrite any existing 
	files if installed to the same location as a previous installion. 
	Attempting to uninstall a previous installation will affect the new 
	installation if located in the same directory. 


Release Dates
-------------	

        IDE Version 3.80 - October 28, 2009
        IDE Version 3.75 - September 30, 2009
	IDE Version 3.70 - June 3, 2009
	IDE Version 3.61 - April 27, 2009
	IDE Version 3.60 - April 27, 2009
	IDE Version 3.50.01 - March 20, 2009
	IDE Version 3.50 - March 2, 2009
	IDE Version 3.42 - October 8, 2008
	IDE Version 3.41 - September 8, 2008
	IDE Version 3.40 - July 28, 2008
	IDE Version 3.32 - July 1, 2008
	IDE Version 3.31 - May 23, 2008
	IDE Version 3.30 - April 15, 2008
	IDE Version 3.20 - February 25, 2008
	IDE Version 3.10 - December 3, 2007
	IDE Version 3.00 - September 17, 2007
	IDE Version 2.91 - March 5, 2007
	IDE Version 2.90 - February 12, 2007
	IDE Version 2.82 - October 14, 2006


Silicon Laboratories IDE Revision History
-----------------------------------------

Version 3.80
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
        Added support for C8051F800/1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9 devices.
        Added support for C8051F810/1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9 devices.
        Added support for C8051F820/1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9 devices.
        Added support for C8051F830/1/2/3/4/5 devices.
        Added support for C8051F901/2 devices.
        Added support for C8051F911/2 devices.

        Added option to see complete file path. To display the path,
        right click on the desired file and select Properties.
        
        Corrections
	-----------
        "Enable Smart Download" feature flag is now saved to the project.
        

Version 3.75
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Added support for C8051F34C/D devices.
        The USBHID.DLL has been updated to version 1.7

Version 3.70

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Added support for C8051F550/1/2/3/4/5/6/7 devices.
	Added support for C8051F560/1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9 devices.
	Added support for C8051F570/1/2/3/4/5 devices.
	Added support for C8051F540/1/2/3/4/5/6/7 devices.

	Corrections
	-----------

        Fixed Watch window to show correct struct member values when there is a generic pointer member before the structure.

        Fixed IDE crash issue when backspacing or deleting highlighted text.


Version 3.61

	A "Step Into" function has been implemented. Version 3.50.01 had changed the step functionality from a
	machine instruction step to a source code line step. This version reverts the single step operation to 
	a machine instruction and adds the step into feature for the source line step operation.

Version 3.60

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
        Added support for C8051T606 device.

        Added the double-clicking feature from the debug -> breakpoint dialog.

	Corrections
	-----------
        Fixed a problem with hexfile download which occurred when the 32k program space address (physical address 0x8000 
	for bank 2 or 0x10000 for bank 3) was not at the beginning of the hexfile data line which resulted in the incorrect 
	bank being programmed.

        Fixed creating a Group with same name as a file.

        Fixed pointers to display properly in the IDE Watch Window.

        Fixed file saving process. After a file save, the asterix indicating that a file has not been saved is no longer present.
   
Version 3.50.01

	Several modifications were made to the project interface update made in V3.50. The IDE will
	not verify that the device connected to matches the device in the project. Furthermore projects
	will not be reopened when a connection is performed. 

Version 3.50

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Added support for C8051F508/9 devices.
	Added support for C8051F510/1 devices.
	Added support for C8051F580/1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9 devices.
	Added support for C8051F590/1 devices.
	Added support for C8051F700/1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9 devices.
	Added support for C8051F710/1/2/3/4/5 devices.

	Firmware for the EC2 Serial Adapter has been updated to Version 23.
	Firmware for the USB Debug Adapter has been updated to Version 21.
	Firmware for the Toolstick Adapter has been updated to Version 6.

	Updated the project file to include device data** which will allow for peripheral windows to be 
	created when a project is opened even when not connected. In addition when a project is opened,
	or a connection is performed when a project is open the IDE will verify that the project device
	data matches the connected device. These improvements will help to prevent project save failures
	that had been occuring when projects were opened when not connected. 
	**Special Note: It will be necessary to save existing projects while connected to hardware in
	order for this feature to work. When projects are opened a message will be displayed notifying the
	user about this requirement. In some cases it may be necessary to recreate projects if the save
	is not successful.

	A smartdownload feature has been implemented. This feature when enabled, will perform 
	a verify on all pages prior to programming and if the verify is successful indicating 
	that the page has not changed, the page will not be programmed. 

        Added a "Add to Watch as Default Type" menu item to the top of the editor right mouse context menu.

	Added functionality to track common file dialog directories independently of each other. The IDE now
        tracks 3 common file dialog directories (project, toolchain, and user). The project and user 
        directories are initialized to the current workspace directory. The Toolchain is initialized to the 
        current linker folder.  The IDE stores the path, and uses the same path the next time the same dialog is opened.

	Enlarged and reorganized the Project Build Definition dialog window. This will make easier for the 
        user to locate needed files.

	Support added for HiTech's OCG compiler.
	- Added default error output option in the command line, "--errformat=Error   [%n] %f %l %s".  
	  This will allow the user to double-click an error in the output window and view the
	  line where the error occurred.  This functionality will not work if this option is
	  changed.


	Corrections
	-----------
	
        - Fixed addressing when pointers are explicitly located in xdata space. Adding pointers to watch window
          no longer causes IDE to crash.

        - Fixed Struct data type to display correct data when added to watch window.
	
	- Fixed Signed Int Representation. The watch window now displays numbers correctly.

	- A timing problem was fixed in the EC2 Serial Adapter firmware that caused intermittent 
	  communication problems on specific boards.


Version 3.42
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Added support for C8051F34A/B devices.
	Added .HEX to .SVF Conversion Utility (SilabsHex2Svf.exe).

	Corrections
	-----------
	- Added a special button that allows configuration of the C2 clock speed.
	This button appears in the option dialog next to the C2 selection when <Ctrl><Alt>"S"
	is done.

	- Fixed OSCICN read value.

	- Fixed order of address checking to not allow writing to the lock byte of T60x devices.

	- Fixed memory size configuration in T61x devices. T61x devices can now be programmed without
	a CRC error message.


Version 3.41
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Firmware for the EC2 Serial Adapter has been updated to Version 22.

	Firmware for the USB Debug Adapter has been updated to Version 20.

	Firmware for the Toolstick Adapter has been updated to Version 5.

	Common file dialogs (open/save) have been updated to use a resizable
	version of the dialog.

	Corrections
	-----------
	Fixed the location of SFR's for the C8051F34x MCU family.

	Fixed all common file dialogs to handle longer filenames.


Version 3.40
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Added support for C8051F500/1/2/3/4/5/6/7 devices.

	Firmware for the EC2 Serial Adapter has been updated to Version 21.

	Firmware for the USB Debug Adapter has been updated to Version 19.

	Firmware for the Toolstick Adapter has been updated to Version 4.

	Added support for automatic Hex file generation. To access this option select
	menu item "Project->Target Build Configuration".

	Corrections
	-----------
	Fixed bug when selecting "Project->Target Build Configuration->Customize->Files to Link"
	to add *.obj files instead of adding *.c files.

	changed project name from  C8051F52x_53x to C8051F52xA_53xA

	Enlarged the window in the "Connection Options/Adapter selection" to show all connected debug adapters.

	Fixed Variable address to update properly on download in SDCC Watch Window.

	Added support for the Hi-Tech C Pro compiler.


Version 3.32
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Added support for C8051F348/9 devices.

Version 3.31
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Firmware for the USB Debug Adapter has been updated to version 17.

	Corrections
	-----------
	The View\Debug Windows menu was corrected to contain the External Memory item 
	for all devices that have external memory.

	Fixed SFR16 addresses for TMR3 and DP in header file C8051F350_defs.h

Version 3.30
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Added support for C8051F520A/1A/3A/4A/6A/7A devices.

	Added support for C8051F530A/1A/3A/4A/6A/7A devices.

	Added source file navigation history (Back/Forward).

	Added source browsing for the Keil toolchain (Go to Definition/Reference).

	Production Programmer updated to version 1.2.


	Corrections
	-----------
	Fixed bug that caused the IDE to crash when code memory fill is performed on the C8051F120 device.

	Removed -E flag from the HI-TECH assembler cmd line.

	Added support for HI-TECH .as (Assembly) files.

	

Version 3.20
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Added keyboard shortcut for "Find In Files" dialog (Ctrl+Shift+F).

	Added support for spaces in the project directory path for the following toolchains:
	Hi-Tech, IAR, Keil, Raisonance, SDCC, and Tasking.
	
	Support added for C8051T630/1/2/3/4/5 devices.

	Support added for C8051F930/1 devices.
	Support added for C8051F920/1 devices.

	Added Status Bar item to indicate the serial number or COM port
	of the adapter currently selected.


	Corrections
	-----------
	Changed dialog tab order and control grouping to be more sequential.

	Fixed a bug when parsing Hi-Tech error output window that caused a crash.

	Removed the "none" command line option so that files could be assembled
	using the Hi-Tech assembler.

	Changed the default memory model command line option for the Hi-Tech compiler
	and linker to use the small memory model instead of the medium memory model.

	Changed the default Raisonance toolchain path to c:\RIDE\BIN\.

	The "Load Recent Project on Startup" selection is ignored when loading a
	Silicon Laboratories IDE project file from an explorer window.

	Fixed Watch Window bug pertaining to changing bits from bit-addressable space
	from the window.


Version 3.10
	Support added for C8051T610/1/2/3/4/5/6/7 devices.

	Added a New File dialog to allow a user to create a template workspace based on the
	device family selected.

	Production Programming utility added to release. The utility files are installed in 
	the ...\SiLabs\MCU\Utilities directory.
	
	Added support to view unions in the Watch Window.

	Evaluation Keil toolset removed from IDE installation package.


Version 3.00
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support added for C8051F336/7/8/9 devices.

	Debug Adapter communication has been enhanced to improve IDE flash content
	update speed.
	
	The USBHID.DLL interface has been modified. The IDE.exe now expects the USBHID.DLL
	to be in the same directory as the IDE.

	Support added for opening Silicon Labs IDE project files from an explorer window.

	Support added to the installer for associating Silicon Labs IDE project files (*.wsp)
	with the IDE. 

	Evaluation Keil toolset added to the IDE release. This version is code size limited 
	to 2kB, does not include floating point libraries and downloads code to memory 
	location 0x0800. A Silicon Labs Serial Number is included with the purchase of a kit
	that will upgrade the toolset. Once licensed the tools will be code size limited to 
	4 kB and download code to memory location 0x0000. See Application Note AN104 for 
	instructions on licensing the Keil tools to receive the upgrade.

	The path to "blinky" code examples has been changed to support the addition of more
	device examples. 

	Device examples have been added to demonstrate the use of many device peripherals. 
	See the SiLabs\MCU\Examples\<Device Family> directories for new examples.

	Links in the IDE to Keil support documents updated to point to latest help files.


	Corrections
	-----------
	Watch Window updated to view bit-fields combined with other variables in structs.

	A problem with the ascii display for Japanese O/S characters has been fixed.

	USB Reset utility updated to v1.3 to fix a problem where it could not recognize any
	attached USB debug adapters. 


Version 2.91.01
	Dunfield toolset support has been removed.
	Support for Microsoft Vista implemented.
	The default path for the Tasking tools has been updated to:
		C:\Program Files\TASKING\dcc51 v7.1\bin\
	The default extension for the "Absolute OMF file name" in the 
		Target Build Configuration window is changed to ".omf"
		when using the Tasking tools.
	The default path for the SDCC tools has been updated to:
		C:\Program Files\SDCC\

Version 2.91
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support added for C8051T600/1/2/3/4/5 devices.

Changes since ver 2.82
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support added for C8051F360/1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9 devices.

	Corrections
	-----------
	Fixed watch window bug that caused signed integers > 128 to be displayed incorrectly.

	Default IAR OMF filename changed to .a51.
	Fixed IAR command line bug that caused a space to be added between the filepath and filename.
	Updated default IAR tool path to "C:\Program Files\IAR Systems\Embedded Workbench 4.05".
	Added -s __program_start and cl-pli-nsid-1e16x01.r51 to the IAR linker command line flags.

Changes since ver 2.81
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support added for C8051F520/1/3/4/6/7 devices.
	Support added for C8051F530/1/3/4/6/7 devices.


Changes since ver 2.80
	Corrections
	-----------
	IAR support changed to include a space after the -o option. 

Changes since ver 2.72
	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	A ToolStick device can be used as a USB Debug Adapter.	
	Firmware for the EC2 Serial Adapter has been updated to Version 20.
	Firmware for the USB Debug Adapter has been updated to version 12.

	Corrections
	-----------
	SFR values are now refreshed when a Connect is performed.
	Read-Only files are no longer overwritten when the the Build/Make Project 
	key (F7) is pressed.
	The HiTech compiler options have been updated to use the --Chip option.
	The HiTech default extension for compiled files was changed from .omf to .obj.


Changes since ver 2.71

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	F350_ADC_Buffered_2.c example added. This program demonstrates taking measurements using 
	the 24-bit ADC on the C8051F350/51 devices.

	Corrections
	-----------
	Corrected issue viewing default type variables from the symbol view from an assembled file.
	Corrected ability to change the value of a bit in the watch window.
	Corrected problem with indexing beyond 9 of an array in the watch window.


Changes since ver 2.7

	Corrections
	-----------
	Issue when viewing XRAM with C8051F34x devices fixed.
	

Changes since ver 2.61

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support added for C8051F410/1/2/3 devices.


Changes since ver 2.6

	Corrections
	-----------
	Issue when attempting to save a new file fixed.


Changes since ver 2.51

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support added for C8051F326/7 devices.
	Support added for C8051F340/1/2/3/4/5/6/7 devices. 

	Firmware for the EC2 Serial Adapter has been updated to Version 19.
	Firmware for the USB Debug Adapter has been updated to version 9.

	C8051F02x, C8051F12x, and C8051F34x devices now include windows to
	display registers and memory for CP2200 devices.

	Ethernet example directories moved from \silabs\mcu\ethernet to 
	\silabs\mcu\examples\MCU family directories. 
	Ethernet examples added for C8051F02x and C8051F34x devices. 

Changes since ver 2.5

	Corrections
	-----------
	A problem which prevented V2.5 from connecting to C8051F064 evaluation boards
	has been corrected.


Changes since ver 2.4

	Corrections
	-----------
	The extended memory interface for C8051F13x devices was fixed to allow 
	external memory to be displayed up to 64k.

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support added for Si825x devices. 
	Support added for C8051F316/7 devices.

	Firmware for the EC2 Serial Adapter has been updated to Version 18.
	Firmware for the USB Debug Adapter has been updated to version 7.
	The new firmware versions include speed improvements for JTAG devices.

	The USBHID.DLL has been updated to version 1.1.0.0. Version 2.5 of the 
	IDE requires this version of the USBHID.DLL and will not work with older
	versions.


Changes since ver 2.31

	Corrections
	-----------
	The default command line flags for the SDCC assembler(asx8051.exe) have been changed
	from '-plosgjff' to 'plosgff'.

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Firmware for the EC2 Serial Adapter has been updated to Version 16.

	Support added for IAR 8051 assembler/compiler/linker toolset. See AN236.

	[CD Release only] Included KEIL Evaluation BL51 Linker has been updated 
	to Version 5.15.

	Option added in the "Connection Options" dialog for the USB Debug Adapter
	to continue to provide power to a target device after disconnecting. 

	[CD Release only] The TCP/IP Configuration Wizard has been added to the CD 
	installation. This utility generates initialization code to configure on-chip 
	resources for TCP/IP applications. Support is currently includes for the 
	'F12x and 'F13x MCU Families. The wizard is designed to be used with the 
	Embedded Modem Development Kit. 

	[CD Release only] TCP/IP Examples have been included in the 
	C:\Silabs\MCU\Examples\Modem directory. These examples are designed to be used 
	with the TCP/IP Configuration Wizard and the Embedded Modem Development Kit.

	

Changes since ver 2.3

	Corrections
	-----------
	Tools Release 2.31 includes a new installer. The IDE version remains at 2.3. 
	Due to a new version of installation software, prior web releases 
	of Silicon Laboratories Tools will not be recognized as existing
	versions. Removal of the prior version must be done manually.

Changes since ver 2.2

	Corrections
	-----------
	An issue with the 'Find in Files' feature has been corrected. Searches
	using capital letters will now be found.

	The default output file extension for the HiTech compiler has been
	changed from '.obj' to '.omf'.

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support updated for the C8051F33x device family.


Changes since ver 2.1

	Corrections
	-----------
	An issue causing the installation of the IDE to fail on a Windows NT
	PC has been fixed.

	Watchpoint support for C8051F04x devices has been removed.

	An issue causing the Debug Window Font to be saved incorrectly in the
	project file has been fixed.

	An issue where the IDE saved ALL files when the Build/Make button was
	pressed has been fixed.

	An issue causing Symbol names to not be found by the IDE when the file 
	name included a "-" character has been fixed.


	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support has been added for the F044/5/6/7 devices.
	Support has been added for the F312/3/4/5 devices.

	A "Run to main() on code download." option has been added to the Target 
	Build Configuration window. If this option is checked then the IDE will
	automatically run to the main() function of a project after the project
	is downloaded.

	USB Human Interface Driver (HID) example included in the 
	C:\silabs\mcu\examples\c8051F32x\c\HID_Example directory.


Changes since ver 2.0

	Corrections
	-----------
	An error when attempting to write a value larger than 0x80000000 to an 
	unsigned long variable in the watch window has been fixed.

	An error causing the Debug window font selection to not be saved with 
	the project has been fixed.

	Consistent Copy/Paste functionality has been implemented in the Ouput 
	Window.

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support has been added for the F130/2/3/4 devices.

	A “Find in Files” function has been added.

	Support has been added for viewing Memory windows in ASCII format.

	Support has been added for viewing Pointers and Structures in the 
	Watch Window.

	On startup, the IDE will now auto-load the last open project.

	The IDE now executes a "Save All" instruction without prompting 
	the user.

	A function has been added to test if a COM port is valid.
	
	A feature has been added to show a visual indication that a file has 
	unsaved changes.

	Support has been added to select Disassembly window text.
 


Changes since ver 1.9

	Corrections
	-----------
	Consistent mouse wheel functionality has been implemented in all code and 
	memory windows.

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support has been added for the F064/5/6/7 devices.

	Support has been added for the SDCC compiler. 
	
	Support has been added for the USB Debug adapter. A new "Connection Options" 
	dialog in the Options menu interfaces to all the debug adapter configuration 
	settings.

Changes since ver 1.85

	Corrections
	-----------
	An error in the watch window which caused incorrect values to be 
	shown for values stored in the first or second location of a ram bank 
	has been fixed.

	An IDE crash which occured when editing watch window values has been
	fixed.

	An error in the 'Suspend Can on Halt' implementation which resulted
	in the Can bus not being consistently stopped when a halt occured has 
	been fixed.

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	The executable name was changed from cde.exe to ide.exe.

	Support has been added for the F35X device families.

	The 'Serial Ports' options menu has been expanded to scan for existing
	com ports up to 10. It is also possible to enter a com port number.

Changes since ver 1.84
	
	Corrections
	-----------
	Files no longer opened when compiled with the Tasking compiler.
	
	Problems with resizing debug windows has been fixed.

	The IDE now handles invalid stack record entries correctly when
	the stack window is displayed.

	New Features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Configuration wizard menu item has been removed from the Tools
	menu.

Changes since ver 1.83
	A CD version installation error has been corrected.

Changes since ver 1.81

	New features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	The Keil toolchain members (assembler, linker, evaluation compiler) 
	have been updated with new versions. In addition, an evaluation uV2 
	debugger is now installed.

	The 'Build/Make Project' button on the Build toolbar now implements
	a smart build which re-builds only those project files which have
	been changed since the previous build. If the Keil toolchain is
	used, then a check for changes in all dependency files is performed.
	If a full re-build is required the 'Rebuild Project' button should
	be used. NOTE: Toolbar buttons are saved as part of a projects'
	configuration. Therefore, projects created with previous versions
	of the IDE will not contain the 'Rebuild Project' button, although  
	the 'Rebuild Project' functionality can be accessed from the 'Project'
	menu. To add the 'Rebuild Project' button to the Build toolbar use 
	the 'Options' menu 'Toolbar Configuration' dialog. Highlight the
	'Build' toolbar and press the 'Reset' button, then save the project 
	to retain the new toolbar configuration.

	Code banking using the Tasking compiler is now supported.
	
	The processing time for copying large list files into the List tab
	of the output window has been sped up, resulting in an improved
	compile/assemble time.

	This version of the IDE includes an EC2 firmware update to version 
	0x10.  This firmware update adds support for pin sharing during 
	debug of C2 devices (as discussed in “Application Note AN024: 
	Pin Sharing Techniques for the C2 Interface”).

	Corrections
	-----------
	
	The "remember setting" option in the "Do you want to connect?"
	pop-up box now functions correctly.

	An error which caused a program exception when a user space 
	erase was performed during a flash download to protected code 
	space has been fixed.	
	
	A problem which resulted in a "cannot open non-text file" error
	message when attempting to open the file by double-clicking on 
	the filename in the project window has been fixed. The files
	that caused this error contained non-standard text characters.

Changes since ver 1.80

	Corrections
	-----------

	CAN0 register window for F06x device family is restored.


Changes since ver 1.72

	New features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support has been added for the F06X, F32X, & F33X device families.

	The user is now informed when a file open in the IDE has changed in the 
	background (e.g. an .M51 file after a build, or a file edited outside of
	the IDE by another editor) and will be prompted to load the updated file.

	Support has been added for the Keil LX51 Linker and corresponding OMF2 
	output format.
	
	The IDE no longer automatically opens files when they are added to a project. 

	The IDE no longer opens all files in a project when a build occurs.

	Support for the HiTech tool chain has been added.

	The IDE no longer allows the user to overwrite files marked read-only.

	COM port selection is now saved on a per session basis. The setting in the 
	project will override the setting saved in the registry upon opening your first 
	project.  The last serial port setting will be saved when the IDE is closed.

	A new menu item has been added to the Options menu that allows the user to 
	indicate if they wish to connect automatically when opening a project.


	Corrections
        -----------

	An issue associated with not being able to set breakpoints when the "Hide file
	extentions for known file types" option has been selected in the Folder Options 
	settings in Windows Explorer has been corrected.

	An issue that caused the IDE to become unresponsive when pressing the Delete 
	key in an empty watch window has been corrected.

	An issue that caused the IDE to become unresponsive when attempting to add a 
	symbol to the watch window from an OMF file downloaded to the target without 
	previously loading a project has been corrected.

	An issue that did not allow the user to add a variable created with all capital
	letters to the watch window has been corrected.

	An issue where the file selection dialog box won't add any files to the project 
	if a large number of files is selected has been corrected.


Changes since ver 1.71

	The following watch window issues were corrected:
	Global variables are correctly added and maintained across multiple files.
	Watch window contents do not shift after a download operation.
	Contents of 16-bit SFR's are displayed in the correct MSB/LSB byte order.

	An error with the XRAM view on 02x devices which was introduced in 
	version 1.7 has been corrected.

Changes since Ver 1.7

	The "Project Save" command has been improved to increase project save speed.

	The SFR peripheral views have been re-architected to improve overall
	IDE performance. The SFR views are now created upon connection to a 
	target board. Therefore, if SFR windows are saved as part of a project 
	configuration, it is necessary to be connected to the target when the 
	project is re-opened in order for the windows to be restored. In addition,
	SFR views in projects saved with a previous version will not be restored,
	until re-opened and saved with Version 1.71.

Changes since Ver 1.62

	New features/Enhancements
	-------------------------
	Support has been added for the F04X, F12X, & F31X device families.

	Watch window contents are saved as part of the project information. 
	However, because the symbol information is embedded in the OMF records 
	which are downloaded to the device, the window contents are not restored 
	until following a download operation.

	The disassembly window update time when jump and branch instructions 
	are executed has been sped up.

	The stack record view has been enhanced and now includes alert dialogs
	when overflow or underflow conditions occur.

	An 'SFRPAGE' field has been added to the status bar which displays
	the current value of the SFRPage SFR on devices which support SFR paging.

	The IDE now supports command line arguments. When launching the IDE, 
	the following options can be used:
          /P=<Project file location and name>
             Specify the project to be loaded when the IDE is launched. If this
             flag is used, all other arguments are ignored.
          /D Switch to force a connection to the hardware and automatic download
             of the object file when the IDE is launched.
          /O=<Object file location and name>
             Specify the object file to be automatically downloaded when the 
             IDE is launched.
          /C=<COMM Port Number 1-4>
             Specify the comm port.
          /I=<J or C>
             Specify the JTAG or C2 debug interface.
	The use of these command line arguments allows the IDE to be launched,
	and immediately be prepared for a debug session.

	The installation has been updated to allow installation component 
	selection and also provides enhanced uninstall/modification capabilities. 
	The Configuration Wizard and its associated files are now installed in a 
	separate 'Config' folder within the target installation directory. 

	Corrections
        -----------

	The default value for the Keil linker ramsize directive has been 
	changed to RS(256). The previous default of 255 caused the linker 
	to somtimes handle memory overlaps incorrectly.

	Problems with the watch window incorrectly displaying SFR values
	and variables declared in IDATA space have been fixed.

	The problems associated with 'floating' debug windows in the IDE
	during build and debug operations have been fixed.

	An inconsistency which caused breakpoints to sometimes not be 
	removed when requested has been fixed.

	The problem of performing a 'Save Project' on a newly created 
	project with the name "New Project" incorrectly saving the 
	project to the previously opened project name has been fixed.

	The enable automatic save before build option not working on 
	projects defining a batch file to perform the build has been
	fixed.

	A problem with "Upload Memory to File" which caused an extra block
	of invalid data to be written when more than 255 bytes of data 
	were uploaded has been fixed.

Changes since Ver 1.61

	User Space Erase erase functionality on F02X and F2XX devices no 
	longer requires an IDE connection. (Necessary in the event that the 
	IDE cannot connect because the code space has been read locked.)

	Scratchpad memory edits on F02X devices no longer report an incorrect
	CRC error.	
	
	When using a Tasking toolset, the default file extension for "Files to
	Link" has been changed from ".OUT" to ".OBJ". 

	Incorrect tool paths in example blink project files have been fixed.


Changes since Ver 1.6
	
	The vendor selection on the 'Tool Chain Integration' dialog now includes 
	American Raisonance and Tasking (Altium). Refer to application notes AN025 
	and AN026 for details on integrating these tools into the Silicon Laboratories IDE.

	The disassembly view has been enhanced to better handle jumps and calls, 
	and also correctly display history (lines disassembled before the current 
	PC location in the view).  However, a side effect to this enhancement is 
	that in some cases (such as when a long jump is being made) the PC update 
	in a source window will take longer than it did with previous versions.  To 
	prevent the delay in PC location update, you may close the disassembly view.
	(Also, it is now possible to disable the automatic opening of the disassembly 
	view when the current PC location does not correspond to a source line in a
	project file.  Use the 'Options' menu 'Disassembly View' and 'Enable/Disable 
	Auto-Open' to disable the automatic opening of the disassembly view.)

	Following a 'C' project download the program counter no longer is 
	displayed at the 'main' function location. (This was actually not correct
	because the main function was not at location 0x00.) If there is source
	line correlation for address 0 in the project code, the PC indicator will
	be shown there, otherwise there will be no PC indicator displayed, but if
	the 'Disassembly View Auto-Open' is enabled in the Options menu the 
	disassembly window will open and show the PC location at address 0.

	IDATA Segment Variables in Watch Window now update correctly.

	Variables in Watch Window can now be edited.

	All debug windows can now be accurately re-sized, and are correctly 
	refreshed.

	Linker flag strings of greater than 255 characters are now correctly 
	saved with the project information.	
	

Changes since Ver 1.51

	Added support for the F300/01/02/03 devices. 

	Disassembly window revised to display correct bit-field interpretation for 
	bit manipulation operations. Intermittent dissassembly window error which
	could cause the IDE to crash has been fixed.

	Step-over function improved for C-source debug.  NOTE: Step-over operation
	is not real time in some cases.  If real-time operation is necessary, 
	it is best to use the "run-to-cursor" function.

	Custom symbol watch window now available in the 'View' -> 'Debug Windows'
	menu.  Symbols may be added to the watch window by clicking the right mouse
	button on the symbol's name in either the source window or the symbol view.


Changes since Ver 1.5

	Modification of dissassembly window for improved operation on Windows 98
	machines.


Changes since Ver 1.41

	Added support for the F020/21/22/23 devices. 

	A problem introduced in Ver 1.41 which caused C source level debugging 
	synchronization issues has been corrected.  The problems were seen 
	predominantly in externally generated OMF files, and OMF files which 
	contained multiple lines of C code associated with a single address.
	

Changes since Ver 1.40
	
	The NAME directive used with the Keil A51 assembler is now supported
	during multi-file source-level debug.

	The IDE will automatically create a single-file project using the currently
	open source file if you select "Build or Make Project" before a project is
	defined.  (This allows building a program from a single source file without
	having to manually configure a project.  However, once a project has been 
	automatically created by the IDE, any additional files must be added to the
	program build using the "Target Build Configuration" dialog.)

	The IDE assigns the output file name to be the same as the project name by
	default.  (If no project name exists, i.e., project has not been saved, the
	file name of the first source file in the build is used.)

	The Keil A51 Assembler and Linker manual is now available from the IDE
	help menu.


Changes since Ver 1.30

	The integrated Metalink assembler/linker has been replaced with the Keil
	Software A51 assembler and BL51 linker.  The Keil assembler and linker are
	configured using the "Tool Chain Integration" selection under "Projects" in
	the Silicon Laboratories IDE.  Once configured, clicking on the "Assemble"  
	and "Build" buttons on the toolbar will automatically launch the Keil 
	assembler and linker. (Refer to the on-line help for more information.)

	Operation under the Windows 2000 OS is now supported.

	Downloading code to target Flash is now faster.

   	The previous Tool Chain Integration dialog has been separated into two
	dialogs -- Tool Chain Integration and Target Build Configuration.  The "Tool 
	Chain Integration" configuration now persists across all projects.  A separate
	target build (list of files used in the build) is defined for each project.

	Context menus (click right mouse-button on file name) are available in the
	"Project Window" to add files to projects, and to add or remove files from 
	a target build.

	Project files can now be relocated to a different directory.  (All source
	files must reside in the same directory as the project .wsp file.)
	The "Symbol" view has been enhanced.  (Symbols are now arranged alphabetically
	within groups based on symbol type.

	The "File Open" and "Add Files to Project" browsers now allow multi-file 
	selections.

	Following a project build, focus is restored to the source file active prior 
	to the build.

	A new toolbar containing buttons for the RAM, CODE, DISASSEMBLY and 8052 SFR
	debug views is now available.

	A new feature has been added to the provide the ability to copy a block RAM 
	or FLASH content from the target to a file on the host PC.  The new feature
	is accessed by selecting the "Tools -> Output Memory to File" menu item.
	
	A stack record debug view is now available (under "View" -> "Debug Windows"
	-> "Stack").

 	Programming the top sector of FLASH no longer causes an the entire FLASH to
	be erased unless FLASH security bits are set (located in the top sector).
	However, an erase of the entire FLASH is required before reprogramming any
	locked sector or reprogramming the top sector if any sector is locked.


Changes since Ver 1.21

        The on-line help system has been updated and enhanced.

        In-system Flash programming is now faster.

        The IDE now supports both the EC-1 and EC-2 Serial Adapters.
	
        The options menu contains a 'Debug Window Font Selection' dialog which permits
        customization of the font used for all of the debug windows (Code, Ram, Disas-
        sembly and SFR's).

        Conditional data watchpoints enabled. The watchpoint dialog is accessed from 
        the debug menu, and allows watchpoints to be set on RAM and SFR values. In 
        addition, there is a watchpoint button on the debug toolbar to access the 
        watchpoint dialog.  However, existing projects will have to be re-created and 
        saved with the new debug toolbar to access the toolbar button. (This is 
        because part of the project configuration which is saved with the project is 
        the toolbar configuration.) 	

        More Tool Chain Integration improvements:
        -  The build process now generates a linker file when invoking the linker,
           which will allow for an unlimited length command line. (The previous 
           version was limited by the 256 byte DOS command line limit.)

        -  External tool selection executables (assembler, linker, compiler), once 
           defined will persist in new projects.

        A download to Flash now preserves the contents of Flash pages that are not 
        targeted in the current download operation.  In previous versions, Flash 
        pages that were not addressed in the current download could be erased under 
        certain circumstances.

        The following Hotkeys have been added:
        -  Single-step             [F11]
        -  Build                   [F7]
        -  Open Watchpoint Dialog  [Alt-W]
        -  Open Breakpoint Dialog  [Alt-B]


Changes since Ver 1.20

	Added support for the F2XX devices.


Changes since Ver 1.10

	Added support for the F005/6/7 & F015/16/17 devices.

	Improved toolchain integration:

		The 'C Tool Integration' dialog in the project menu, has been changed
		to 'Tool Chain Integration' and now includes executable and format
		definitions for an assembler, compiler, and linker. It is no longer 
		necessary to have a project open to access the dialog.

		The 'Define Build Process' Customize dialog now includes selection 
		of assembly files and also a button to add an external obj file 
		to the link command.

	Improved breakpoint support in multiple file C projects.

	When an OMF-51 absolute object file is downloaded which contains symbol 
	information, the project window symbol tab will display the symbol data.


